added enabling of ssl module to apache ssl configuration (#946)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/letsencrypt/apache.adoc

== Test and Enable the Apache Configuration

> Apache2 ssl module needs to be enabled for ssl configuration. Use the following command to enable it:
> 
> [source,bash]
> ----
> a2enmod ssl
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not already done, enable the Apache2 ssl module necessary for the ssl configuration. Use the following command to enable it:

[source,bash]
----
sudo a2enmod ssl
----

```
